luck of the arzanese resists the
fidelis takes the first false step between
the walls of friends after a journey here
for this in the end the draw with a
goal for part in the advance of Saturday
evening in the freezing of the olive trees la
fidelis strong despite the 5
minutes of silence from the north curve for
protest against the company
displacement of the race against the
toast the third minute does the tests
goals of the goal thanks to the exchange
lactation na vote and service
perfect in the air for the Olcese head
that puts the ball to the side
the fans return to the curve in time for
watch the sixth goal of the advantage
cross of strambini from left of
offensive front a month on the web of
favarin right-hand man's granny
I found the titular attack after several
Sundays with flies behind
olcese with the usual side work
for the trident behind him in the area
median the continuous push of matera
returned from viareggio cup and le
geometries of Russian but not Arzanese
wants to be the sacrificial victim of the
evening and reacts immediately guided by the
technical powers from his 4 4 2 with
knights to filter defense
the fidelis continues to maneuver from the
fifteenth a perfect one
verticalization of strambelli allows
in flies to touch the ball with the
toe but prisco save all a
terra cardanese responds present and to
twenty-seventh find the equalizer goal
thanks to an invention of rinaldi who
from twenty meters leave a shot
which ends under the crossing of the poles
accinni beaten the ball always remains
between the feet of the fidelis el arzanese
the fights become nervous
more frequent as in the thirty-ninth
when hyacinths it is expelled
directly from the race director for
an alleged elbow against
Moscelli
the protests of the mango guests are vibrant
feel of schio remains removable on
his decision
however, the power team does not
disunits and keeps the draw until
end of the first portion of the game
immediately in campo barone for the arsanese a
reinforcement of the midline gets hurt
strambelli and volpicelli in the field
at the beginning of recovery than at the sixteenth
touches the goal after an insistent action
and the shot deflected for a corner by a
defender
the host team defends itself with order
and the only danger reaches the 31st on
free-kick of 25- footed flies
meters with a little high ball to the 43rd
but the opportunity arrives but to bring back
ahead the fidelis gilardi football a forte
and precise but the kong sphere concludes the
his run on the crossbar only one lap of
hands and it is the turn of buzzes that
from a few steps send the sphere to the side
7 minutes of recovery are not enough for
collect actions from the net you unlock
in the match after a home siege